gh-94521: Copy or cut current line while no selection (#145134)
python/cpython: Misc/NEWS.d/next/IDLE/2026-02-23-17-28-34.gh-issue-94521.vlr8XB.rst

> Copy or cut current line while no selection. Patch by Shixian Li.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Copy or cut the current line when no text is selected in IDLE. Patch by Shixian Li.
```
